docs: Add fallback content for <ng-content> in content projection guide (#57513)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/components/content-projection.md

If a component does not include an `<ng-content>` placeholder without a `select` attribute, any
elements that don't match one of the component's placeholders do not render into the DOM.

## Fallback content

Angular can show *fallback content* for a component's `<ng-content>` placeholder if that component doesn't have any matching child content. You can specify fallback content by adding child content to the `<ng-content>` element itself.

```angular-html
<!-- Component template -->
<div class="card-shadow">
  <ng-content select="card-title">Default Title</ng-content>
  <div class="card-divider"></div>
  <ng-content select="card-body">Default Body</ng-content>
</div>
```

```angular-html
<!-- Using the component -->
<custom-card>
  <card-title>Hello</card-title>
  <!-- No card-body provided -->
</custom-card>
```

```angular-html
<!-- Rendered DOM -->
<custom-card>
  <div class="card-shadow">
    Hello
    <div class="card-divider"></div>
    Default Body
  </div>
</custom-card>
```

> Fallback content supports the same Angular template features as [templates](guide/templates).

Author: Ok. I was trying to keep the same pattern as in other sections.

```

`ngProjectAs` supports only static values and cannot be bound to dynamic expressions.

> ## Fallback content

Reviewer: This section should go after the `## Multiple content placeholders` section 

(we generally want to order content from most-broadly-relevant to least-broadly-relevant)

> Angular 18 introduced a new feature for `<ng-content>` which is `fallback content`. This allows you to specify default content that will be displayed when no matching content is provided by the component consumer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular can show *fallback content* for a component's `<ng-content>` placeholder if that component doesn't have any matching child content. You can specify fallback content by adding child content to the `<ng-content>` element itself.
```

Here's a revised paragraph that fixes a few issues:
* Docs content should generally avoid referencing a specific point in time (i.e. "Angular 18"), focusing on explaining the current state of the world.
* Code formatting (backticks) should only be used for code symbols; italics and bold are used for emphasis. In particular, we use *bold* for introducing new terms.

```angular-html
<!-- Component template -->
<div class="card-shadow">
  <ng-content select="card-title">Default Title</ng-content>
  <div class="card-divider"></div>
  <ng-content select="card-body">Default Body</ng-content>
</div>
```

```angular-html
<!-- Using the component -->
<custom-card>
  <card-title>Hello</card-title>
  <!-- No card-body provided -->
</custom-card>
```

```angular-html
<!-- Rendered DOM -->
<custom-card>
  <div class="card-shadow">
    Hello
    <div class="card-divider"></div>
    Default Body
  </div>
</custom-card>
```

> Fallback content supports static default values that are displayed when no matching projected content is provided and cannot be used with dynamic expressions or conditional content.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean here- fallback content can include anything you can normally do in an Angular template, including bindings and control flow.
